over 70% of the planet is covered in
water our coastlines stretch over three
hundred and seventy two thousand miles
over one third of the human population
lives within 60 miles of an oceanic
coast every coastline and ocean has
something in common
waves I'm Jason Ballas co-founder of
Kongo gen here at gamma gen we're
developing an exciting project to
harness sustainable low cost and green
energy from our oceans waves the
collagen is an 8 by 8 platform that will
float offshore tethered to a mooring
when a wave approaches the platform
Rises pulling on the mooring tether as
the wave passes the platform resets to
its original position for the next wave
the tether is attached to a drive system
which spins a flywheel storing the
energy
this will provide constant power between
waves the power can be connected to a
storage system or supplement and
existing power grid the key to our
design is in its simplicity we are
bringing wave energy generation
mainstream alongside solar and wind
energy the success of the common gem
will lead to the implementation of this
technology across the globe our goal on
Kickstarter is to raise funding to
develop and build the cottage and
platform your pledges will allow
fabrication and testing of the prototype
the cottage n team has the knowledge and
experience to make this project a
success we are asking you to click the
pledge button on this project the
potential for wave energy is huge the
power laying dormant in our shores
amounts to over half of our yearly
energy consumption if we can harness
just a small portion of that potential
it would change the world your
contribution is going to create a clean
form of renewable energy that can be
utilized worldwide
you